To Whom It May Concern,
	I write code that, if wrong, would virtually guarantee the death of a human being. An example of a challenging task I've done this year was to rewrite the linux <-> android bluetooth code for the communication of sensitive data on a performance-critical medical device. The linux bluetooth communication library, Bluez, recently experienced a major overhaul that involved a rethinking of basic bluetoth ideas and a complete reworking of the API to make use of a relatively new linux kernel feature, the DBus. In addition, the recent Android 7.x -> 8.x upgrade also involved major bluetooth changes in the wake of the recent BlueBourne attack. At DEKA I am part of a small team of developers that researched and implemented a radically new solution to our bluetooth communication software. I was also in charge of the implementation of an elliptic curve algorithm to provide additional security to our data transmission.  Our source code is rigorously vetted by pen-testers and our devices are tested extensively by the FDA to ensure correct functionality. We have overcome many issues that involved hardware, software, and environmental considerations and have now had about two months of trouble-free operation of our device with the new software.

	In general, I love writting C++ and Python in Vim to solve algorithmically challenging problems, but I've enjoyed doing other serious work with a number of other exciting technologies. As mentioned before, I've worked in some gory detail with Android and with bluetooth library bindings in many languages. At my previous job I worked for a year and a half using the Hadoop Stack ( A distributed file system coupled with a set of languages, libraries, and related tools for processing big data ). In my free time I've developed CalistoStudios.com. Though this website looks barebones on the surface, underneath it uses a wide array of new as well as established technologies. In graduate school I worked extensively with GPUs and MPI clusters for massively parallel solutions to differential equations. I've also written several mobile games and published to the Play Store.

	I have a large family ( fiancee, three children and two dogs ) that I love very much. I'm currently working 9-10 hour days and commuting an additional 50 minutes in each direction. When I get home and enjoy a few hours with my family I usually read a technical book, watch conference videos on youtube, work on some arduino or rpi project, or play my guitar. I'm extremely passionate about my work, and produce results without excessive supervision. I enjoy my life in rural NH, hate commuting, and hope that you find my story interesting enough to contact me for an interview! I have a quiet office to work in peacefully for long hours.

Best Regards, 
Melvyn Drag
